---
layout: post
title: Axel Arellano Learning Blog Reflection #6
date: 2018-10-26
---

  On monday we came into class and talked about data sciennce and what it is, we then transfered to the computers and worked om a pyret code Mr.Allata made, we had to then write a statement about the code and what it does. Mr.Allatas codemade a table of shapes and their corners. We were then given the task to make three more rows, the task was preety easy because the pattern was the same. We also had to make another colum which was also easy because the pattern was also the same. We learned about catagorial, and quantitative and whate they mean. So far the obly connection I can think of is that a table has a header like an html file. On tuesday we started talking about tables for the starter of class. Later on we started doing pair programming, we were given a packet and told to make a pyret code. The first couple questions where very easy, we only had to write numbers and see if they came out differently most of the times it was the same. Except when we were given decamils and fractions, whenever we did press entrer the numbers would come out as red. The next set of questions were to write equations and see if pyret would solve them, pyret did solve them except when we were given a two step equation because pyret needed parenthesis two distinguish between equations. The next page was about boolean, boolean are statements that are either yes or no questions, and will always either be true or false. I can connect this to the last time we did pair programing, and yesterday we also talked about tables. On wendsay we continued to work on tables in pyret, but we added new kinds of charts, we did a pie chart and a bar chart. Pie chart and bar chart have the same function you nust change the name of the function, the function is "pie-chart(shapes,"name","corners")", its the same exact function for bar chart, just change pie-chart ---to---> bar-chart. This connects to previous lessons because with tables we need to write functions, and early in the semester we learned how to write functions and how to input them correctly. On thursday we had a group discussion, we were given links to two files and we had to  write down what was similar about the files and what we noticed about them. This weekcan connect to things we have done in the past like, API(application programming interface) during that lesson we learned how to use a function, and write them done using shapes.  
